What would you say you do here?
I am the XS NetOps team lead. My team & I handle the day-to-day issues and upgrades surrounding network equipment (Routers/Switches/Firewalls/AccessPoints/etc.) If a site falls offline, if someone thinks traffic is being blocked at the firewall, something won't ping, or you can't get wireless signal when you walk down a certain hallways - my team can jump in and help!
-

What drives you and why?
Money. Isn't that what drives everyone? 
But no, honestly, I feel as though I have answered this question a lot over the years and I think I've narrowed it down to a couple of things. 
1. Fear of failure - I don't want to fail. At anything. It's probably my worst nightmare, which means I will go to great lengths to always be successful.
2. I really enjoy creative problem solving. Networking itself appealed to me greatly because the world of networking is a world with very rigid rules - you can bend them however you can come up, but you can never break them. That's one example of how I enjoy trying to problem solve within constraints.
3. I have always fundamentally believed that the greatest value a person can bring to a team is by bringing value to those around them. Making everyone else you come into contact with _better_ is greater than being amazing yourself. At this point in my career, and in my personal life I am feeling really motivated to coach the people around me. It really is the most rewarding thing. 
4. Culture - The greater culture of Expert services is hugely important to me. I love being part of this team because it really is a team - not just a place that I work at. I learned a long time ago that for me to be happy with my life I needed my workplace to be a place I could enjoy being at, not a place I had to go. I've found that here. 
-

Your thoughts on opportunities and challenges.
Challenges = Opportunities
A challenge is just an opportunity to overcome and succeed. 

-

What personal investments did you make in the last 12 months, and how did they impact you and the business?
Top professional accomplishment in the last 12 months? 
Personal investments in the last 12 months? Well, I have a two year old so.... he is the captain of my ship and has pretty much dominated my life for the past two years. It would be silly to think something so life-altering hadn't changed me or had any business impact. Having my son has caused me to grow so rapidly in so many ways it's actually hard to quantify, though I'm sure other parents know exactly what I mean. I am more patient. More calm. I've become a better coach. I've learned a lot about taking a moment and examining the feelings behind peoples' actions and helping them do the same. 

Top Professional accomplishment of the past 12 months?
I'm not sure I can isolate a singular top accomplishment. I have learned to praise the small victories because many small victories together make a lasting change. It would be easy to say I had knocked out X certification, buuut I didn't.  
- 

What value did you bring to the business over the last 12 months? 
- Increased productivity through increased/improved communications/responsiveness.
- Reduced errors by improving documentation and adherance to processes & procedures
- Enhanced team-wide knowledge by embracing coaching opportunities and developing troubleshooting documentation for triage situations.

- 

What worked well, what didn’t work well, what would you do differently, and how do you think this would alter the outcome? 
- Communication & engagement from my team is up! not well:  We really need to improve our ability to train newer engineers. How would this alter the outcome? Increasing our ability to train and engage newer engineers creates a viable career track for more engineers to enter netops and brings more minds and ideas to help innovate processes within our practice.

What investments do you plan to make in the next 12 months, why, and what do you hope to achieve? 
- I'm planning to take some training classes to hopefully improve my leadership skills, and am attempting to _use_ the skills I have learned in practice throughout the year. My hope is that despite us all working remote, I can make my team feel engaged, secure, challenged, understood and recognized within our organization. I'd like to see my team increase communication and cooperation with the rest of the team. 

Anything else you want to share.
